Code for GovTech | Digital Public Goods
Your code can impact millions
Code for GovTech (C4GT) is a unique program aimed at creating India's first active open-source community of coders that can build and contribute to global
Digital Public Goods.
To ensure sustainable adoption of DPGs, building an open source community of vibrant young coders is key!
If you want to use technology to create large scale impact, then this is the opportunity for you. Read ahead to know more!
Knowledge Partner
C4GT Community Program
The Community Program is focused on building a long-term open-source community by enabling DPG organizations to list their DPG-related problem statements and access a wide community of contributors who can solve these problem statements. The goal is to build a community of 25000+ contributors in the next 3 years.
Why should you participate as an organization ?
Community-Led Effort
Ensure sustainability & adoption of your DPG with access to long-term contributors.
Innovate & Build
Conduct PoCs, new feature development & more through the community.
Identify Young Talent
Create a talent pipeline through active contributors.
Engage with Adopters
Connect with potential adopters who are a part of the community.
Why should you participate as a contributor?
Access to Opportunities
Get access to exclusive events, opportunities, and learning sessions with ecosystem leaders
Develop & Showcase Skills
Build technical skills by contributing to complex projects & build a portfolio
Accumulate Points
Get certificates, Badges, C4GT goodies, bragging rights & community privileges. Opportunity to earn money for certain contributions as well!
C4GT Mentoring Program
The Dedicated Mentoring Program is India's first annual mentoring & coding program focussed on Digital Public Goods where selected contributors get the opportunity to work on population-scale projects, receive 1:1 mentorship from leading practitioners & get a stipend of 1,00,000 rupees.
Why should you apply to the Mentoring Program ?
1: 1 Dedicated Mentorship
Hands-on mentoring with weekly catch-ups,problem-solving sessions and professional development from industry.
Create impact at scale
Opportunity to work on population scale impact projects & build meaningful solutions using technology.
Vibrant community
Learn about how DPGs are breaking barriers, solve good first issues & network with talented coders & industry veterans.
Career Advancment
Contributors will be considered for PPIs with participating entities & receive Rs 1,00,00 as stipend.
Exposure to experts
Interact & engage with experts from the ecosystem such as Pramod Varma (CTO Aadhar), Ravi Prakash (Beckn) & more!
Hands-on learning
Access to immersive boot camps, peer-to-peer sessions & product deep-dives. Implement learnings on your projects!
Highlights from C4GT 2022
Overview
The first edition of C4GT was launched in May 2022, and it saw participation from 346 applicants out of which 13 were chosen. They successfully created 25+ features & wrote 100K lines of code across 9 key projects.
Know More
C4GT Mentors
Here is what past mentors have to say.
Program Report
Check out C4GT 2022 highlights
Knowledge Partner
Community Partner
Platform Partner
Organiser
Project Partners