Mentorship | Linux Foundation Documentation
⌘
Ctrl
k
LFX Platform
Single Sign-On (SSO)
Individual Dashboard (MyProfile)
Community Data Platform
Project Control Center
Organization Dashboard
Security
EasyCLA
Mentorship
Standards of Excellence
Program Schedule & Timelines
Platform Overview
Administrators
Mentees
Mentors
Mentee Stipends
Mentee Guide
Mentor Guide
Mentorship FAQs
Mentorship - Get Help
Crowdfunding
Linux Foundation Individual Supporter Program
LFX Drive
Member Enrollment
Powered by GitBook
On this page
For the complete documentation index, see
llms.txt
. This page is also available as
Markdown
.
Copy
On this page
Mentorship
Mentorship makes pairing promising open-source talent with experienced mentors easier than ever. A mentorship program is a structured relationship between a mentor and a mentee, aimed at helping the mentee achieve their personal or professional goals. Invest in building a more robust and diverse community of qualified developers and engineers.
The main goal of a mentorship program is to transfer knowledge, skills, and experience from the mentor to the mentee to help the mentee grow and develop in their personal and professional lives.
How to Participate
You can participate in the Linux Foundation Mentorship program as a program administrator, a mentor, or a mentee.
Program Administrator
: As a program administrator, you will
enroll in a mentorship program
on the platform and act as a single point of contact for mentors, mentees, and the Linux Foundation's HR and finance teams. Specifically, you collaborate with mentors during the application review process and work closely with The Linux Foundation's HR and finance teams to oversee the mentee acceptance process and stipend payments.
Mentor
: Mentors volunteer their time to work with mentees during the mentorship program. You will need to
create a mentor profile
on the Mentorship platform before requesting to be a mentor for the Linux Foundation Mentorship program.
Mentee
: Mentees
need to create a mentee
profile to apply to The Linux Foundation's mentorship programs. As a mentee, you will have the opportunity to contribute to an open-source project while working under the guidance of an experienced mentor who's an active contributor to the project and open-source community.
How does the program work?
First, a program administrator enrolls a mentorship program. Then, mentors and mentees participate, as shown in the following high-level diagram:
Previous
Manage your Profile
Next
Standards of Excellence
Last updated
2 months ago
Was this helpful?
How to Participate
How does the program work?
Was this helpful?